Update default-infrastructure-monitoring-data.mdx (#19122)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/infrastructure/manage-your-data/data-instrumentation/default-infrastructure-monitoring-data.mdx

SELECT * FROM ProcessSample
```

> Metrics from the New Reic Infrastructure Agent (SystemSample, StorageSample, NetworkSample and ProcessSample) are aggregated into buckets, in order to improve the query performance over longer periods of time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metrics from the New Relic infrastructure agent (`SystemSample`, `StorageSample`, `NetworkSample` and `ProcessSample`) are aggregated into buckets to improve the query performance over longer periods of time.
```

> NRQL queries for under 1 hour of time will scan the raw data, and longer queries will scan 1 minute / 10 minute / 1 hour and 3 hour aggregated buckets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NRQL queries scoped to under 1 hour of time will scan the raw data. For queries scoped over 1 hour, data will be scanned in the following aggregated buckets:
*  1 minute
*  10 minute
*  1 hour
*  3 hours
```

> Until October/November 2024 these aggregated event buckets only contained 1 average value per metric. Starting in October/November 2024 the aggregation has been improved to use the [gauge format](/docs/data-apis/understand-data/metric-data/metric-data-type/) for accurate differentiation between `max(), min() and average()`. 

Reviewer: @nr-ksteinbach Can you specify dates here? If not, I'd prefer to say "Until November 2024..."

Author: answered in slack.

> Until October/November 2024 these aggregated event buckets only contained 1 average value per metric. Starting in October/November 2024 the aggregation has been improved to use the [gauge format](/docs/data-apis/understand-data/metric-data/metric-data-type/) for accurate differentiation between `max(), min() and average()`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Until October/November 2024 these aggregated event buckets only contained 1 average value per metric. Starting in October/November 2024 the aggregation has been improved to use the [gauge format](/docs/data-apis/understand-data/metric-data/metric-data-type/) for accurate differentiation between `max()`, `min()`, and `average()`. 
```

SELECT * FROM ProcessSample
```

> Metrics from the New Relic infrastructure agent (`SystemSample`, `StorageSample`, `NetworkSample` and `ProcessSample`) get aggregated into buckets to improve the query performance over longer periods of time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metrics from the New Relic infrastructure agent (`SystemSample`, `StorageSample`, `NetworkSample`, and `ProcessSample`) get aggregated into buckets to improve the query performance over longer periods of time.
```

NRQL queries scoped to under 1 hour of time will scan the raw data. For queries scoped over 1 hour, data will be scanned in the following aggregated buckets:
*  1 minute (scopes of 1 hour to 6 hours)
*  10 minutes (scopes of 6 hours to 3 days)
*  1 hour (scopes of 3 days to 14 days)
*  3 hours (scopes of 14+ days)

> Until October/November 2024 these aggregated event buckets only contained 1 average value per metric. Starting in October/November 2024, we've improved the aggregation to use the [gauge format](/docs/data-apis/understand-data/metric-data/metric-data-type/) for correct differentiation between `max()`, `min()`, and `average()` values. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Until October/November 2024 these aggregated event buckets only contained 1 average value per metric. Starting in October/November 2024, we've improved the aggregation to use the [gauge format](/docs/data-apis/understand-data/metric-data/metric-data-type/) for correct differentiation between `max()`, `min()`, and `average()` values. 
```
```suggestion
Historically, these aggregated event buckets only contained one average value per metric. During October and November 2024, we're gradually migrating the aggregation to use the [gauge format](/docs/data-apis/understand-data/metric-data/metric-data-type/) instead. This allows you to differentiate between `max()`, `min()`, and `average()` values. 
```

Reviewer: @nr-ksteinbach What do you think of this revision? Also, how can customers check if their metrics have been migrated?

SELECT * FROM ProcessSample
```

Metrics from the New Relic infrastructure agent (`SystemSample`, `StorageSample`, `NetworkSample`, and `ProcessSample`) get aggregated into buckets to improve the query performance over longer periods of time.

> NRQL queries scoped to under 1 hour of time will scan the raw data. For queries scoped over 1 hour, data will be scanned in the following aggregated buckets:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NRQL queries spanning less than one hour directly access the raw data. For queries exceeding one hour, data is retrieved from the following aggregated buckets:
```
